{% extends 'email/email_base.txt' %}

{% block content %}


March News From Origin Protocol

What an amazing month this has been at Origin Protocol. Thanks to all of you for being involved. We are working hard to build the sharing economy without intermediaries and can’t be more excited to have so many people all over the world joining us on our community-driven mission.

The Good:

Community

Our Telegram community (http://t.me/originprotocol) is now over 21,000 people strong! Thank you for being part of our community and for continuing to spread the word and inviting your friends to join us. Our website has been translated into 17 languages entirely by volunteers from our community. We want to express our huge thanks to everyone who helped make that happen. Speaking of translation, our product brief is also now available in Korean, Russian, Japanese, and both Simplified and Traditional Chinese. 

We made the switch from Slack to Discord (https://medium.com/originprotocol/moving-from-slack-to-discord-1dd2c939b77b) and invite everyone to join our community on Discord (http://www.originprotocol.com/discord). Discord will be our new central meeting place for our core team to collaborate with our extended community and growing group of contributors. 

Product

Our demo is up and running on the Ethereum testnet (https://medium.com/originprotocol/origin-demo-dapp-is-now-live-on-testnet-835ae201c58) where hundreds of people have listed services, cars, and even a house. Our mission is to provide a zero-commission booking engine for you to build amazing sites and experiences.

Team

Our team is growing with 6 full-time and over a dozen contractors. We have switched over to 24/7 customer support. We are interviewing for several important roles right now so if you are looking to help us build the sharing economy of tomorrow please check out our job openings (https://angel.co/originprotocol/jobs)! We are an open source project so if you want to get hired you can start by participating and getting to know us on our Discord! Jump in on software engineering, marketing, or support tasks to show us your excitement for what we are doing! 

Partners

We now have over 30 partnerships with companies like CanYa (freelancing), Propy (real estate), and Jolyy (cosmetics) that have committed to building on the Origin platform. We are excited that all of the marketplaces on our platform will create “shared network effects.” All of our partner marketplaces will share “accounts” and reputation, and identity will be totally portable (imagine using your Airbnb account for Uber and eBay). As each of the individual marketplaces on Origin grows, the whole ecosystem of marketplaces share in that growth. Check out the full list of projects that are building on Origin (https://www.originprotocol.com/partners). We also announced a new technology partnership with WeTrust. We will offer WeTrust’s decentralized insurance protocols to our partner marketplace DApps. Many more partners are coming so stay tuned for additional exciting news!

The Bad:

Scammers are trying hard to take advantage of Origin community members. We are building an amazing product on the blockchain and have been unfortunately targeted by a few malicious fraudsters. We will never ask you to send ETH to us over Telegram, Slack, or email, so If you are ever asked to do so please immediately report it to our of our Telegram admins or me directly. As a basic rule, make sure you can verify any information you see in an email or message with one from the official website. Always triple check with us, and if it seems too good to be true, add a 4th check. 

The Upcoming:

Hopefully we can meet up with you! We are setting up meetups in Austin, San Francisco, Paris, London, Singapore, Melbourne and Boulder. Let us know if you want an invitation or for us to come visit your city.

Join our Telegram to keep up to date as we grow! http://t.me/originprotocol

Cheers from Origin Protocol! 

{% endblock %}

